Aida's codes:
    whats in this branch:
    1.admin info.txt:
        we saved the hash of admin's password in this txt file for security.The password
        by default is 0000.

    2.invoice.csv:
        we saved all the invoices in this csv file and admin can see all of them.

    3.product.csv:
        this csv file is the list of products that we have in the online shop.

    4.logfile.log:
        we saved all logs like "admin login","login failed "and... in this file.

    5.aida_admin.py:
        this module contains all the methods that admin needs.
        login method , change information (password)method ,a method to add new product to website,
        a method for charging a product and finally a method for see all the invoices from invoice.csv.

    6.customer.py:
        this module contains all the method that customer needs.
        search method for searching in website for an specific product,buy method that adds
        an item in customer basket and remove method that can remove an item from the basket
        add to invoice method that adds the item in basket to invoice.csv and admin can see them later
        and at last show invoice method that shows the basket to customer.


    7.aida_use_logger.py:
        this module is the structure of logging and other members of the group can use this
        module in their codes!!

    7.function_for_update_csv.py:
        this module contains a function and other members of group can use this function
        in main. when customer buy something this function will updates the number of that
        product in the stock so we should call this function after customer buy something
        in main!

    8.home_page.py:
        this module contains two functions. one of them is for admin and this function shows
        all the products with their barcodes and details to admin and other one is fo customer
        and show the products with less details in home page of online shop.
        other members of group can use this module in main!
